README.md, before:

# Adldap2 Integration for Symfony

This bundle helps you to use [adldap2](https://github.com/Adldap2/Adldap2) library with Symfony.

## Installation

### Step 1: Download the Bundle

Install the library via [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) by
running the following command:

```bash
composer require sgomez/adldap2-bundle
```

### Step 2: Enable the Bundle

Next, enable the bundle in your `app/AppKernel.php` file:

```php
<?php
// app/AppKernel.php

public function registerBundles()
{
    $bundles = array(
        // ...
        new Sgomez\Bundle\Adldap2Bundle\Adldap2Bundle(),
        // ...
    );
}
```

### Step 3: Configure the bundle

You need to configure your connection. The parameters are the same that use
 [Adldap2](https://github.com/Adldap2/Adldap2/blob/v5.2/docs/CONFIGURATION.md).
 
This is a sample configuration that you need to add in the `app/config/config.yml` file:

```yaml
adldap2:
    auto_connect: true
    connection_class: Adldap\Connections\Ldap
    connection_settings:
        domain_controllers: ["domain_controller_1", "domain_controller_2"]
        base_dn: "dc=domain,dc=com"
        admin_username: "username"
        admin_password: "password"
        account_suffix: "domain.com"
        port: 389
        follow_referrals: false
        use_ssl: false
        use_tls: false
        use_sso: false

```

You don't need to configure all values. See the original adldap2 documentation for more information.

### Step 4: Profit!

A new service called 'adldap2' has been created. It's a configured instance of [Adldap](https://github.com/Adldap2/Adldap2/blob/v5.2/src/Adldap.php)
 class. You can use it as usual:
 
```yaml

class DefaultController extends Controller
{
    public function indexAction()
    {
        $user = $this->get('adldap2')->search()->find('username');
    }
}
```

## TODO

* UserProvider

Commit message:

auto_connect option defaults to true; updated README

README.md, after:

# Adldap2 Integration for Symfony

This bundle helps you to use [adldap2](https://github.com/Adldap2/Adldap2) library with Symfony.

## Installation

### Step 1: Download the Bundle

Install the library via [Composer](https://getcomposer.org/) by
running the following command:

```bash
composer require sgomez/adldap2-bundle
```

### Step 2: Enable the Bundle

Next, enable the bundle in your `app/AppKernel.php` file:

```php
<?php
// app/AppKernel.php

public function registerBundles()
{
    $bundles = array(
        // ...
        new Sgomez\Bundle\Adldap2Bundle\Adldap2Bundle(),
        // ...
    );
}
```

### Step 3: Configure the bundle

You need to configure your connection. The parameters are the same that use
 [Adldap2](https://github.com/Adldap2/Adldap2/blob/v7.0/docs/configuration.md).
 
This is a sample configuration that you need to add in the `app/config/config.yml` file:

```yaml
adldap2:
    connection_settings:
        domain_controllers: ["domain_controller_1", "domain_controller_2"]
        base_dn: "dc=domain,dc=com"
        admin_username: "username"
        admin_password: "password"
        account_suffix: "domain.com"
        port: 389
        follow_referrals: false
        use_ssl: false
        use_tls: false
        use_sso: false
        auto_connect: true
```

You don't need to configure all values. See the original adldap2 documentation for more information.

**_Note:_** `auto_connect` configuration option is not part of the adldap2 library but instead an option for this bundle 
 to configure whether you want the 'adldap2' service to automatically connect on application boot or not. 

### Step 4: Profit!

A new service called 'adldap2' has been created. It's a configured instance of [Adldap](https://github.com/Adldap2/Adldap2/blob/v7.0/src/Adldap.php)
 class. You can use it as usual:
 
```yaml

class DefaultController extends Controller
{
    public function indexAction()
    {
        $user = $this->get('adldap2')->search()->find('username');
    }
}
```

**_Note:_** if you have `auto_connect: false` in your adldap2 configuration you will need to manually call `connect()` 
 before you can perform any queries on the library. 

## TODO

* UserProvider
